---
URL: https://docs.neoforged.net/docs/1.21.1/resources/client/i18n
抓取时间: 2026-03-13 22:28:14
源站: NeoForge 1.21.1 官方文档
---






I18n and L10n | NeoForged docs




!function(){function t(t){document.documentElement.setAttribute("data-theme",t)}var e=function(){try{return new URLSearchParams(window.location.search).get("docusaurus-theme")}catch(t){}}()||function(){try{return window.localStorage.getItem("theme")}catch(t){}}();null!==e?t(e):window.matchMedia("(prefers-color-scheme: dark)").matches?t("dark"):(window.matchMedia("(prefers-color-scheme: light)").matches,t("light"))}(),function(){try{const c=new URLSearchParams(window.location.search).entries();for(var[t,e]of c)if(t.startsWith("docusaurus-data-")){var a=t.replace("docusaurus-data-","data-");document.documentElement.setAttribute(a,e)}}catch(t){}}()[Skip to main content]()[**Homepage**]()[NeoForge Documentation]()[Toolchain Features]()[Primers]()[User Guide]()[Modpack Development]()[1.21 - 1.21.1]()


- [1.21.11]()
- [1.21.9 - 1.21.10]()
- [1.21.6 - 1.21.8]()
- [1.21.5]()
- [1.21.4]()
- [1.21.2 - 1.21.3]()
- [1.21 - 1.21.1]()
- [1.20.5 - 1.20.6]()
- [1.20.3 - 1.20.4]()[Contributing]()[GitHub]()Search


- [Getting Started]()
- [Concepts]()
- [Blocks]()
- [Items]()
- [Block Entities]()
- [Resources]()


- [Client]()


- [I18n and L10n]()
- [Models]()
- [Particles]()
- [Sounds]()
- [Textures]()
- [Server]()
- [Inventories & Transfers]()
- [Data Storage]()
- [GUIs]()
- [Worldgen]()
- [Networking]()
- [Advanced Topics]()
- [Miscellaneous]()This is documentation for NeoForged **1.21 - 1.21.1**, which is no longer actively maintained.For up-to-date documentation, see the **[latest version]()** (1.21.11).


- []()
- [Resources]()
- Client
- I18n and L10nVersion: 1.21 - 1.21.1On this page

# I18n and L10n



I18n (short for internationalization) is the way of designing a program to work with multiple languages. L10n (short for localization) is the process of translating text into the user's language. Minecraft implements these using `Component`s.


## `Component`s[​]()



A `Component` is a piece of text with metadata, with the metadata including things such as text formatting. It can be created in one of the following ways (all of the following are static methods in the `Component` interface):
MethodDescription`empty`Creates an empty component.`literal`Creates a component with the given text and directly displays that text without translating.`nullToEmpty`Creates an empty component when given null, and a literal component otherwise.`translatable`Creates a translatable component. The given string is then resolved as a translation key (see below).`keybind`Creates a component containing the (translated) display name of the given keybind.`nbt`Creates a component representing the [NBT]() at the given path.`score`Creates a component containing a scoreboard objective value.`selector`Creates a component containing a list of entity names for a given [entity selector]().


`Component.translatable()` additionally has a vararg parameter that accepts string interpolation elements. This works similar to Java's `String#format`, but always uses `%s` instead of `%i`, `%d`, `%f` and any other format specifier, calling `#toString()` where needed.


Every `Component` can be resolved using `#getString()`. Resolving is generally lazy, meaning that the server can specify a `Component`, send it to the clients, and the clients will each resolve the `Component`s on their own (where different languages may result in different text). Many places in Minecraft will also directly accept `Component`s and take care of resolving for you.
caution

Never let a server translate a `Component`. Always send `Component`s to the client and resolve them there.


### `MutableComponent`[​]()



All constructed components are generally `MutableComponent`s. A `MutableComponent` provides methods to add new component siblings that are appended to the end of this component and set the [style]() of the text. Constructing or modifying a component should always refer to `MutableComponent`s.


### Text Formatting[​]()



`Component`s can be formatted using `Style`s. `Style`s are immutable, creating a new `Style` object when modified, and thus allowing them to be created once and then be reused as needed.
note

Styles can only be set using methods on `MutableComponent`, so make sure to check that the `Component` is a `MutableComponent`.


`Style.EMPTY` can generally be used as a base to work off. Multiple `Style`s can be merged with `Style#applyTo(Style other)`, which returns a new `Style` that takes settings from the `Style` the `applyTo()` method was called on unless the respective setting is absent, in which case the setting from the `Style` passed in as a parameter is used. `Style`s can then be applied to components like so:


```
``
```




Another, more elaborate option of formatting is to use click and hover events:


```
``
```




## Language Files[​]()



Language files are JSON files that contain mappings from translation keys (see below) to actual names. They are located at `assets/<modid>/lang/language_name.json`. For example, US English translations for a mod with id `examplemod` would be located at `assets/examplemod/lang/en_us.json`. A full list of languages supported by Minecraft can be found [here]().


A language file generally looks like this:


```
``
```




### Translation Keys[​]()



Translation keys are the keys used in translations. In many cases, they follow the format `registry.modid.name`. For example, a mod with the id `examplemod` that provides a block named `example_block` will probably want to provide translations for the key `block.examplemod.example_block`. However, you can use basically any string as a translation key.


If a translation key does not have an associated translation in the selected language, the game will fall back to US English (`en_us`), if that is not already the selected language. If US English does not have a translation either, the translation will fail silently, and the raw translation key will be displayed instead.


Some places in Minecraft offer you helper methods to get a translation keys. For example, both blocks and items provide `#getDescriptionId` methods. These can not only be queried, but also overridden if needed. A common use case are items that have different names depending on their [NBT]() value. These will usually override the variant of `#getDescriptionId` that has an [`ItemStack`]() parameter, and return different values based on the stack's NBT. Another common use case are `BlockItem`s, which override the method to use the associated block's translation key instead.
tip

The only purpose of translation keys is for localization. Do not use them for game logic, that's what [registry names]() are for.


### Translating Mod Metadata[​]()



Starting with NeoForge 20.4.179, translation files can override certain parts of [mod info]() using the following keys (where `modid` is to be replaced with the actual mod id):
Translation KeyOverridingDescription`fml.menu.mods.info.description.modid`A field named `description` may be placed in the `[[mods]]` section instead.


### Datagen[​]()



Language files can be [datagenned](). To do so, extend the `LanguageProvider` class and add your translations in the `addTranslations()` method:


```
``
```




Then, register the provider like any other provider in the `GatherDataEvent`.[PreviousResources]()[NextModels]()


- [`Component`s]()


- [`MutableComponent`]()
- [Text Formatting]()
- [Language Files]()


- [Translation Keys]()
- [Translating Mod Metadata]()
- [Datagen]()Docs


- [NeoForge Documentation]()
- [Toolchain Features]()
- [Primers]()
- [User Guide]()
- [Modpack Development]()
- [Contributing to the Documentation]()Links


- [Discord]()
- [Main Website]()
- [GitHub]()
        

NOT AN OFFICIAL MINECRAFT WEBSITE. NOT APPROVED BY OR ASSOCIATED WITH MOJANG OR MICROSOFT.
        

Copyright © 2026, under the MIT license. Built with Docusaurus.
        

